## Privacy Policy

Ashvin Suthar built the Stick-ies app as a free app. This SERVICE is provided by Ashvin Suthar at no cost(limited) and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Stick-ies unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.


**Data**

All notes are stored locally in the desktop, removal of the application or due to any other issues, the notes app data can get deleted. The developer of this application is not liable for any such things.

This application doesn't send the data to any service and all the data are stored locally only.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/)
